[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Legends
and religious texts
have dated the human
species anywhere from 6,000
to billions of years old,
depending on one's belief.
But once we move beyond belief,
we need to look for evidence.
Michael Tellinger has been
examining some strange sites
in southern Africa that point
to the most ancient artifacts
of human existence.
In his story, our
species dates back
to between 250,000
and 500,000 years.
Why don't we lay the
framework for how
this came into your life and how
you started finding these along
with Johann, how you started
finding these incredible sites?
>>MICHAEL TELLINGER:
Well, thanks very much,
Regina, and thanks for talking
to me on your amazing show.
And the journey, for me,
started at a very young age,
like, I think many people
in this area of research
and belief systems start
out at a young age,
where I wasn't really quite
happy with the answers I was
getting from teachers
and history books
and the normal kind of
material that one gets to read.
And you go in search of
alternative reading materials,
and suddenly you
realize, hold on,
this resonates a
lot more with me
than anything else I'm
being taught at school.
>>REGINA: Not only
was your mind now
turned to look at humanity
in a whole different way,
but then comes the
artifact, the evidence.
>>TELLINGER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And this-- this
is really astounding.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, and so
at some stage, I sat down
and I realized I had this huge
accumulated body of knowledge
and information that I could
pull together, because I
had an ability to write.
And I sat down, and I wrote
"Slave Species of God."
Shortly after that, I started
traveling through South Africa
and doing presentations
on "Slave Species," pretty
much taking a lot
of the information
that I've been studying,
but not finding itself
on one platform of a cohesive
storyline of human origins
and our journey to
who we are today.
And we might as
well just be dealing
with a god with a small "g" as
opposed to God with a big "G."
>>REGINA: When it comes
to belief systems,
that is a very
important distinction.
>>TELLINGER: It's a huge,
huge, important distinction,
because we're not
here bringing down
any belief systems,
any religion,
any spiritual movement.
We're actually trying
to bring everything back
into unity, because that's
what it's all about, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: Ultimately.
So shortly after I started
doing these presentations,
I bumped into Johann
Heine, who came
to one of my presentations.
And he whipped out
a laptop and started
showing me these
circular stone structures
that he'd been photographing
for about 15 years at that stage
already, and trying to
bring it to the attention
of the authorities and the
universities in South Africa
with absolutely no success.
And I took one look at
that, and in a flash,
I realized, and I knew
instantly that somehow that
was related to what I'd
written about in "Slave
Species of God."
I didn't know to what extent.
At that stage, Johann was
working with a historian called
Cyril Hromnik in South Africa,
who is a really amazing mind
who wrote a book
called "Indo-Africa"
and brought to the table
the importance of the Hindu
Dravidians and their influence
for the last 4,000 years,
probably around 4,000 years
already at this stage.
And I realized that the
stone circles were directly
linked to what Zachariah
Sitchin had been writing about
and this vast vanished
civilization in what he refers
to as the Abzu, the gold mining
empire set up by the Annunaki
in the Abzu.
So now if we can find evidence
of this gold-mining empire,
then what we can do is
reverse engineer it and find
the gold-mining empire.
Then we'll find evidence
for Zachariah Sitchin has
been writing about,
and here we are, bingo,
presenting that evidence in
absolutely irrefutable forms.
>>REGINA: Do you know if
he was exposed to your work
before his death?
>>TELLINGER: In my
presentations at the moment,
I express my great
sadness to the extent
that Zachariah never
got to see any of this,
because the things he knew that
would have enabled us to speed
up this process that I'm going
through, pulling together
various parts of
his translations
and finding the
physical evidence
for what he wrote about,
without him knowing
that we were going to find it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: That, for me,
is the most exciting thing.
>>REGINA: Help us through
the history of how many sites
had been discovered.
>>TELLINGER: OK.
Before I go there,
just very quickly,
all of this stuff that
we're talking about
is inextricably linked to gold.
It's impossible to separate
human history and human origins
from our obsession with gold.
The number of these
ruins in southern Africa,
this is not a new fascination.
This was first picked up
by the Portuguese settlers
in the late 1400s,
when they first
came onto the land
from southern Africa
as they were going past
the Cape of Good Hope
or the Cape of storms.
And when they came
on land, they met
the MaKomati people, which
Hromnik writes about,
the Hindu Dravidians.
And they were told that this was
Terra dos MaKomatis, the land
of the MaKomati people.
Then they went
further inland and met
with some of the
native African tribes,
who were living around
many of these stone ruins,
not necessarily inhabiting
them, living around them
in their typical
African rural villages.
And when they asked--
this is in the late 1400s.
When they asked the
local African tribes
who built these structures,
the answer was "we don't know."
Now, that is not what you'll
read in history books today.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>TELLINGER: I have a
big problem with that.
How come suddenly when
the people in 1400s
didn't know who built it,
but today our historians,
they claim that they know
exactly who built it, when,
and how and why.
>>REGINA: Well, advances
in academia, right?
>>TELLINGER: Exactly.
The further back you go to
the source of the information,
the more accurate
it probably is,
so I'd like to stick with the
Portuguese version of this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: And then
in the mid-1800s,
a huge fascination started with
the stone ruins and this town
circles in southern Africa.
And various researchers
came out from Germany
and some other
parts of the world,
and they looked at
these stone structures
with great amazement.
And they had no idea
what they were all about.
And you can imagine
what they thought.
They must have done exactly the
same as everybody else does.
As a historian or
an archaeologist,
you immediately assume
that it must be dwellings,
or it must be built by
people for your cattle,
sheltering your cattle.
And that's exactly what you
still find in our history books
today.
>>REGINA: Assumning
it's primitive.
>>TELLINGER: Assuming
it's primitive, exactly.
And then the numbers
started coming out.
And the first estimate that I
read about or that I have found
comes from who I
believe is probably
the most brilliant archaeologist
in the last 120 years,
Theodore Bent, a
British archaeologist
who spent more than two
years in southern Africa,
South Africa,
Botswana, Zimbabwe,
exploring these ruins.
Theodore Bent estimated
from horseback,
traveling through
southern Africa,
that there were about
4,000 of these ruins.
That's already a
spectacular number
if you think about
that, the fact
that southern Africa is
supposed to have been a sparsely
populated part of the world.
By 1974, the numbers
went up to about 20,000
in various other estimates
by other researchers.
20,000 stone ruins in a
sparsely populated continent
with only a few thousand
people running around,
you start seeing
that the numbers--
>>REGINA: Busy workers, huh?
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, the
numbers start to clash,
and they really start to
defy any kind of human logic.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: So already,
though, the warning bells
should start going on.
But by the time I got involved
and I got exposed to it
by Johann Heine, Johann
photographed hundreds if not
thousands of these.
And that's just covering
a fraction of it.
By the time I spent
the first year
walking around the mountains
looking at these ruins,
I estimated there must be
at least 100,000 of these.
So we've gone from 4,000
to 100,000 in 100 years.
And that just wasn't
good enough for me.
I couldn't just
thumb suck a number.
And I started looking at
Google and aerial photographs.
>>REGINA: Because the
technology is there now.
>>TELLINGER: It's there.
And once you recognize the
symbols and the symptoms
and the lay of the land,
you can extrapolate it.
You can get averages,
which is what I did.
And I looked at three main
cluster areas of these ruins,
two in South Africa
and one in Zimbabwe.
And when I added
the numbers up, I
could not believe my
eyes, because it was way
beyond 100,000.
Not what I'd expected.
It was beyond 10 million.
>>REGINA: Beyond 10 million.
>>TELLINGER: 10 million
of these stone structures.
>>REGINA: From
4,000 to 10 million.
>>TELLINGER: From
>>REGINA: Now, it's
hard to even fathom
the land would be large enough
to accommodate 10 million
of these.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And as you can
see, these are very ornate,
beautiful structures.
They're not any
kind of structure
that we've seen anywhere
else in the world.
>>TELLINGER: You know,
that's an interesting thing.
There are stone circles
all over the world.
I've seen them in the Americas,
South America, North America,
and Ireland, Scotland, all over
Europe, and now very important
discoveries in Jordan.
There are thousands of stone
circular structures in Jordan.
>>REGINA: But these
are different.
>>TELLINGER: These
What took me about a year
or more to figure out
is the most obvious
question that everyone
should ask when you start
researching these stone
structures.
And that question is, why is
each and every one completely
unique?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: Every one of these,
more than 10 million stone
circular structures,
is completely unique.
No two are the same.
And that's just--
>>REGINA: And they're connected.
>>TELLINGER: Not only are they
unique, they're all connected.
>>REGINA: Yes well, sorry.
But yes. yes, exactly.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, they're
connected by these channels
that connect them together.
They don't stand alone.
So you've got the stone circles.
You've got the channels
that connect them.
When I say channels,
they look like roads
from aerial photographs.
They look like roads.
And that's exactly what our
current historians tell us
in our history books, through
their infinite wisdom.
They say that they
are roads, that they
were built by the tribal people
to drive their cattle on.
And I find deep sadness in
that, because it shows you
that they have done no
homework, no research.
>>REGINA: Well, there's logic.
When you look at
the sophistication,
you have to wonder
why people would
in academia would
so easily settle
for such a story that has no
inherent logic to it, honestly.
>>TELLINGER: No logic.
And not only that, at the
same time while they suggest
that they were roads to
drive their cattle on,
they go and show us an
archaeological drawings as
far back as 1939 that
these circles are
connected by these channels.
And not only that, they
have no doors and entrances.
They're just fully enclosed
circular structures
with sometimes very simple
structures and sometimes very
complex structures.
And when I realized
that, when I accidentally
heard some of the stones
in the stone walls.
[RINGING]
It all depends on
how you hold it.
When we were clearing it so that
we can take tourists in there
and show them some
of these structures,
and I heard the
stones being moved
and I heard them clanging
against each other,
and I heard that
they rang like bells,
and each one rang at
a different frequency,
and these guys, as were
they moving the stones,
I heard this cacophony of
bell-like sounds going on
in the distance,
and I went, hold on,
this is all about sound.
This has got nothing
to do with cattle.
It's got nothing to
do with dwellings.
This has got everything
to do with sound and sound
frequencies.
And that was a
defining moment that
really led me to reach the
conclusions that I did.
>>REGINA: But let's talk about
the measurements that happened
within these areas, OK?
>>TELLINGER: What
happened first is,
when I started taking people
on tours to the stone ruins
and Adam's Calendar, we
noticed that your GPS
stops to WORK especially
at Adam's Calendar.
And you know, it's
a nice trick we use.
You know, I take
people in there,
I say, OK, if you
go in there, you'll
see your GPS is
will stop working.
And the macho guys always say
to you, "oh, my GPS will work.
Watch."
And they go in there,
and very quickly,
"what's going on here?"
And so clearly there's
some energy fields
that are causing
havoc with the GPS,
and they don't allow the
satellite signal to reach you.
Once you walk into
this magical circle,
there is no WALL It's
an imaginary circle,
once you go in there,
you're out of sight.
So I realized that
there was some sort
of an electromagnetic
field that was there.
And from the very
first time I started
taking people, especially the
psychics and the people that
feel energy and dowsers, They
started telling me immediately,
this is a vortex,
it's an active portal,
it's a transmutation
device, it's a stargate.
All these kind of expressions
were thrown at me.
And I thought, "OK, I'm an
open-minded guy, I'll take it.
I'll hold onto that information
until I can make sense of it."
And then, as time went
by, I met this guy
who's got this
amazing device that
can measure electromagnetic
fields, that can measure
heat signatures, which is
an average down to about
300 meters below the surface,
which tells you there's
some weird stuff going on with
the temperatures that shouldn't
be happening, sound
frequencies, and the loudness
of the sound
frequencies in decibels.
And we went in, and
we started measuring
some of these stone circles.
And it just blew our mind.
It completely blew my mind.
What happened is, this
chap went and he first
measured it on his own,
and I got wind of it.
And I heard the
information that he
shared with a journalist
in a small town
right next to where I live,
and I couldn't believe my ears.
So I hunted him down.
I said, you better
come back here.
I want to go back in there
with you, with your devices.
I want to see it
for myself, and I
want you to tell me
and explain to me
what you think you measured
and what you think you found.
And he told me, "well, I
measured sound frequencies
beyond 14 gigahertz,
which is insane.
And I measured
electromagnetic waves
that are just inside the stone
walls, of the stone circles.
And I can also tell you where
the next stone circle is,"
he told me.
And I went, "how
could you tell that?"
He says, "because there
are these energy lines
that run from circle to circle."
He didn't know what I knew.
>>REGINA: The cattle crawl.
>>TELLINGER: He didn't
know what I knew.
So as he was telling me all
this stuff, I was going,
"my goodness, he's
measured the things
that I've been
observing visually."
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: So then
we went out together,
and we remeasured it, and got
the same results a second time,
corroborated everything
he did, and we went
and measured more sites
that he didn't know About
and that blew my mind even more.
Basically, in a nutshell, we're
measuring electromagnetic waves
that run horizontally
inside the stone circles,
creating a dome-shaped kind
of roof structure effect that
prevents signals coming in.
That's why you lose GPS.
And then some stone circles,
the electromagnetic fields
run out of the ground
straight into the sky.
They run vertically.
So you get horizontal movement
and vertical movement.
We measure heat signatures,
that the average temperature's
300 meters below the ground.
It's either 200 or 300 meters.
And the maximum heat
signature you can measure
is 80 degrees Celsius,
at which point
it suggests you're standing
on top of a volcano.
>>REGINA: What was the average
land outside of these stone
structures?
Give us an example of
what the temperature was?
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, so we
measured the sound frequencies
outside--
nothing.
Just ambient noise.
You turn it inwards and it goes
crazy, beyond 14 gigahertz.
>>REGINA: Beyond the ability
of our dogs to hear it.
>>TELLINGER: Beyond anything.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TELLINGER: In
fact, some people
will argue with you that it's no
longer sound you're measuring.
And yet that's what
we're measuring.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>TELLINGER: And it tells us
that the sound frequency is
in--
you know, the lowest we
measured is about 11 gigahertz
at about 72 decibels.
That's how loud it is.
And then it goes up to--
the sound frequencies go
up to, at Adam's Calendar,
beyond 375 gigahertz, which is
beyond the frequency allocation
in the United States.
>>REGINA: Incredible energy
generation in those areas.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: That
wasn't by accident.
>>TELLINGER: That wasn't
by accident, yeah.
>>REGINA: These are
technologies, right?
>>TELLINGER: But the heat
signature is fascinating,
because you're standing next
to this tiny little circle,
and you point the device
outside the circle,
and you're measuring
5 and half degrees.
That's the average
heat signature.
5 and 1/2 degrees on the
surface of the ground.
That's the average 200, 300
meters below the ground.
>>REGINA: Celsius.
>>TELLINGER: As you turn
it into this little circle,
it shoots up to like 29 degrees.
That's the lowest we
measured, 29 degrees.
Then it goes up to 33 degrees.
From 5 and 1/2 degrees to
33 degrees inside the bigger
circles.
The one big one on top of
the mountain that we always
take people to, because it's 150
meters across, it's a big ruin.
You can see Dravidian
influence there, by the way.
In some of these
ruins, you can clearly
see the recent occupation
of these ruins,
and that's where our
historians often get confused,
because they see doorways and--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TELLINGER: And those are
just recent occupation signs.
>>REGINA: Not the builders.
>>TELLINGER: Not the builders.
Proof of habitation does not
mean proof of construction.
Some basic--
>>REGINA: Remember
that when we're
looking at artifacts
all over the planet,
as a matter of fact.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, exactly.
And at this one big ruin on
top, 5 and 1/2 degrees outside,
you swing that device
inwards, and 58 degrees.
It's insane.
58 degrees.
But that's nothing.
When you get to Adam's
Calendar, that's
where everything
we think we know
about science and measurements
flies out the window.
And suddenly, all
those four years
of taking people there and
learning from the psychics
and listening to the energy
people that work with energies
telling me that this is an
active vortex, it's a portal,
it's a transmutation
device, it's
a stargate, suddenly all of
that starts to make sense.
>>REGINA: It could be
any and all of the above.
We don't understand those
ranges of frequencies.
>>TELLINGER: No, first of all,
the electromagnetic field,
as you cross into Adam's
calendar, runs horizontally.
And it's four times as high
as the highest of the stone
circles that we've measured.
And then you go between the
two central calender stones,
and it's as if they
are activation plates.
And they create even a
higher electromagnetic field,
but it runs out of the
ground into the sky.
So you got this
convoluted energetic field
with columns of energy
coming in and going out,
and it's spectacular.
And it is at that
moment that I realized--
and this is relatively
new information.
It's at that moment
that I realized
that it is at Adam's Calendar
that they were probably
transporting the
gold off this planet.
It is a stargate.
>>REGINA: Using teleportation.
>>TELLINGER: Using
teleportation.
>>REGINA: Whatever technologies
they had available to them.
>>TELLINGER: Beam
up the gold, Scotty.
>>REGINA: Beam it up, yeah.
>>TELLINGER: And you
know, we accept it when
we watch it in "Star Trek."
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>TELLINGER: Beam me up, Scotty.
Where do you want?
OK, you're going there,
there, there, back in here.
But when you say, oh, they
were beaming up the gold
onto another planet
or onto a spaceship,
oh, no, that's too
far fetched, buddy.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
but wait a minute.
It's also been
said that we do not
have the ability to create
what is not already known
on some level.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
We can leap frog.
We can recreate this technology.
What I'm telling you here is
that every one of those stone
circles is an energy device.
It gives us huge amounts of
free energy every millisecond
of the day.
We should have free energy just
by tapping into these millions
of stone circles.
And by the way,
some of them that
are in the shape of magnetrons,
as what electrical engineers
will know as magnetrons,
those create so much energy
that we probably won't
know what to do with it.
And then we get to the use
of the cone-shaped tools.
The stone, which rings
like a bell, which
is known as hornfels stone.
The geology for that
is known as hornfels.
It's metamorphosis quartzite.
And it's got very strong
acoustic properties.
That's why they ring like bells.
But some geologists suggest
that they were molded,
because you can't carve them.
You can't chip and shape
them into those shapes,
because they will
flake and fragment
as you start doing that.
So just molding stone
conjures up images of, well,
how did you do that?
It's only when you start
talking about sound.
And in all of human
history, it is sound
that is referred to as
the source of all things,
the divine creative
source of all things,
the god with a big "G"
that we're referring to.
>>REGINA: "First
there was the Word."
>>TELLINGER: Exactly.
"And God said, let
there be light."
And you realize that the first
three verses of the Bible
is probably a very elementary
introduction into quantum
physics, how sound
combines with light,
and together they activate
the infinite quantum
soup of possibility and
manifest all this amazing stuff
around us.
>>REGINA: What are some of
the most far out estimates
as to how old some of these
structures are From the patina?
>>TELLINGER: I've spoken to some
of the world's leading experts
on geology on patina growth.
They told me that the patina
growth that I'm talking about
grows at about 1,000 years
per microscopic layer.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: And not much
is known about patina,
because there have
been some studies done,
but we're talking about
rough estimates here,
but still, we're talking
about long periods of time.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TELLINGER: And
the estimates are
anything between 50,000
to 300,000 years.
So you can't argue
with that, yeah?
>>REGINA: And now let's
talk about the Annunaki
and the species that, according
to Zachariah Sitchin's
work, and then you would
extrapolate from that,
were the ones that created
a worker bee species that
were the ones who built
these artifacts, who
built these stone circles
for a specific purpose.
You already mentioned
a moment ago,
gold is central to this theme.
So let's talk
about the Annunaki,
the backstory of the Annunaki.
What happened, how
they bred this species?
Because I find that fascinating.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, the
Annunaki came to earth,
according to Sitchin's
translations,
430,000 odd years
ago looking for gold.
And boy, did they find it.
>>REGINA: Well, does
it is it say anywhere
in the Sumerian tablets that
he was using, among other data?
Does it say why they
were looking for gold?
Does it ever give--
>>TELLINGER: It suggests why.
They used it for their
own physical immortality.
It suggests that
that's what they did.
But more so than
that, it suggests
that they used it to
protect their own planet.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: And that is
the most common answer
that people give
you, but I don't
know if I believe that anymore.
And I think these are the things
that Zakariah Sitchin would
have probably adapted his
thinking, if he had known
or seen what we found
in southern Africa,
the physical evidence for
this vast gold-mining empire.
And they were mining
gold on a level
that we can't even
begin to imagine.
And remember that
most of the gold
the world, in all of human
history at this stage,
has come out of southern Africa.
And it continues to do so.
>>REGINA: So now
what is the evidence
that gold was involved
near each of these sites?
>>TELLINGER: First of all,
the Annunaki referred to--
or the Sumerian tablets referred
to this place called the Abzu.
Now, many different
definitions have
been given for the
Abzu and suggestions
as to where the Abzu may
be, and that it's often
referred to as Hell,
because it was believed
to be underground or below
the surface of the Earth
and so forth.
But I believe those are
all mistranslations,
and the true translation of that
is that it's really the Abzu
was the land below the equator,
where the gold came from.
So often when historians relate
to the Abzu, the land below,
they think, "oh,
below the ground?
Well, it must be hell."
No, it's the land
below the equator,
where the gold came from.
And that is also, interestingly
enough, where I think the would
"Abantu" comes from.
Abantu the name for the African
tribes from southern Africa,
"Abantu" meaning "the
children of Antu"
according to Credo Mutwa.
Who was Antu?
Antu was the Sumerian
goddess, the wife
of Anu, the supreme
Commander of the Annunaki.
And we start seeing
some interesting links.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: But the golden
link is very, very important,
because they refer over
and over again to, they're
looking for gold and
finding it in the ground,
in the ore of the
ground in the Abzu.
And Enki, the
Sumerian entity who
was put in charge of
the gold-mining exercise
in the southern hemisphere,
in the Abzu, found gold,
and that's where he established
his gold-mining empire.
>>REGINA: Now, gold
comes up in Genesis.
>>TELLINGER: Genesis 2 already.
>>REGINA: 2, right.
>>TELLINGER: Genesis 2.
>>REGINA: So this is
really deeply embedded
within our religious texts,
and not just the Bible, right?
>>TELLINGER: And it's not
just encoded in as far back
as Genesis 2.
And for people that
don't understand
the importance of that,
it's that this is before Eve
was created from Adam's rib.
>>REGINA: Yes, and that
part we have to get into.
>>TELLINGER: It's
really, really important.
Adam is alone on Earth, and
God comes to him in Genesis 2
and says, "hey, buddy there's
this land called Havilah,
where the land is good, the
water is good, and by the way,
there is gold."
So gotta say, hold on.
And in that one defining moment,
and I use that as the defining
moment to separate god with
a big "G" and the gods,
the Annunaki or the Elohim,
the biblical Elohim,
the gods with the small "g."
Just advanced human beings
who had advanced technology,
the knowledge of cloning, and
the knowledge of manipulation,
and they were looking for gold,
and it was their obsession
that humanity inherited.
Our obsession with gold
doesn't come from us.
We inherited it from the gods.
And that can also be seen
echoed in the conquistadors
and the colonialists that
came from Europe to occupy
the rest of the world
some 500 years ago.
Every time they faced
a native population,
whether it was in the Americas,
or in Africa, or in India,
they somehow always
had huge amounts
of gold, huge amounts of gold.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes, yes.
>>TELLINGER: Stashed away.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>TELLINGER: And when
they were asked, well,
where does all this
gold come from, who
does the gold belong to, it
was always the same answer.
The gold belongs to the gods.
And it is in that
defining moment,
again, that we see
what a spectacular job
the colonialists have done
to the native populations
and those that then colonized
those native lands to separate
us from our ancestors.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: And
today, we're behaving
like a species with amnesia.
We have no idea who we
are, where we come from,
why are we here, while the
ancients seem to have been very
clear on all those subjects.
Today, we think of our ancestors
as a bunch of stupid people
that lived in the past.
They lived in the caves.
They didn't know anything.
That's how we see them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes, exactly.
>>TELLINGER: Or that's what
we get taught to believe,
in a way, through this system.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you
have creationism
or you have Darwinism.
Basically, people seem to
be divided in those camps.
But that's what's so exciting
about what you're doing,
what Michael Cremo is doing and
some other people are doing,
and that is we're
taking the species
into a whole new understanding,
if we're open-minded,
into a whole new
understanding of what we
might have actually come from.
>>TELLINGER: Well,
what you say is
so important, because
the whole creationist
versus evolutionist argument
is completely irrelevant,
because they're both accurate.
>>REGINA: There is a place
for truth in both of them.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>TELLINGER: The
point is that there's
overwhelming evidence for
evolution of our planet,
evolution of the solar
system, evolution of stuff
in the universe.
But that does not mean
that we, as a species,
are a product of evolution
here where we are today.
It's just that evidence
has never been presented.
>>REGINA: We did not
crawl out of the sea.
You're right.
That link has not been made.
>>TELLINGER: And there's far
more overwhelming evidence
that we were somehow
genetically cloned.
And the translations
in the Sumerian tablets
tell us over and over and over
again that the Annunaki came
here looking for gold,
and they found it
in spectacular amounts,
but they needed help
to get it out of the ground.
>>REGINA: And we need to start
opening our minds to this,
because it may actually be
part of our history after all,
and that is genetic manipulation
and cloning of species.
And what I'd like to
do is, if you would get
into a thumbnail sketch of the
translation of the Sumerian
tablets and the
Annunaki manipulation
and breeding of our species
and how that was done,
because it's actually,
I think, fascinating.
>>TELLINGER: Of course it is.
And just also to remind people
about genetic manipulation,
most of the food we eat today
is genetically manipulated.
>>REGINA: You bet.
>>TELLINGER: If you
still have problems
trying to realize how easy
it is to manipulate things
genetically, stop.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: Stop right now.
>>REGINA: And we're
not necessarily
the most advanced
species in the universe.
>>TELLINGER: Well,
we think we are.
Our egos suggest we are, right?
>>REGINA: So let's
assume we're not.
Let's assume others have come
before us and always have been.
So let's look at what the
Annunaki are said to have done
and how that process
worked, because there
were a lot of problems with it.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, so
it tells us very clearly
that the Annunaki
needed help, and they
decided to clone a species
that could do the work
to go into the ground
and extract the ore
and get the gold, help them to
get the gold out of the ground.
They have to tell us very
clearly that they spent
the first few 100,000
years getting the gold out
of the ground themselves,
and you're getting it
out of the water,
and out of the sand,
and out of all kinds of
places, but it wasn't enough
and they needed more gold.
And that's when Enki went, Enki
as in the brother of Enlil,
the sons of Anu.
>>REGINA: As in Annunaki.
>>TELLINGER: As in Annunaki.
And Enki went looking for more
sources of gold and found it.
And there's some amazing
references in the Sumerian
translations that refer to
southern Africa and the Abzu
that he refers to, where
the gold was found.
And that's why
they settled there,
and he established the
gold-mining headquarters there,
and that's where the
species was cloned.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about the cloning process.
It wasn't quick.
It wasn't easy.
It was a messy affair.
>>TELLINGER: As it would be.
When you try to clone a
species that is smart enough
to follow instructions
not get bored
and wander off and start
doing its own thing,
and be smart enough to use
advanced tools, not to endanger
themselves or they'd all
kill each other en masse.
>>REGINA: So highly trainable.
>>TELLINGER: Exactly,
highly trainable.
>>REGINA: What
were the original--
what were the two species
that were blended?
>>TELLINGER: To me,
it seems like it
was some sort of a homo erectus
species in southern Africa,
that the DNA genetic material
from homo erectus was taken,
and it was blended
with the Annunaki DNA.
>>REGINA: And it mentions
that in Bramley's book, too,
that a little bit of the essence
of the Annunaki was taken?
>>TELLINGER: Isn't
that beautiful?
We refer to our DNA as
deoxyribonucleic acid.
What the hell does that mean?
>>REGINA: I don't know.
>>TELLINGER: To anybody
person on the street?
>>REGINA: You're a
pharmacist, or you were.
You tell me.
>>TELLINGER: So we give
things such complicated names
while the Sumerians
and the translations
call it "the entwined essence."
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: Isn't that
a much better description
of what the DNA is?
Because we understand it to
be the essence of who we are.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: And they call
it "the entwined essence."
And it took Watson and
Crick to figure out
this in the '50s, that it
was an entwined essence
responsible for what we are.
>>REGINA: But they
understood then,
and so when they were first
bringing the first embryos
to fruition, and then they
had to go through gestation,
my understanding is, they
were trying to implant them
into the human or the
homo erectus species,
but it wasn't working.
>>TELLINGER: It didn't work.
And then they
realized that they--
first of all, before
we even get there,
the translations,
Sitchin's translations,
go into great detail
of how they tried
and what kind of cloning and
crossing genetic material
they tried, and they tried
all kinds of species.
It just didn't work.
They tried animal cloning
and all kinds of things,
and I believe it's in those
translations that you see some
startling and quite horrific
imagery of half-man,
half-lion--
>>REGINA: Our mythology
is based on this.
>>TELLINGER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And then they tried the homo
erectus and the Annunaki DNA,
and they found that
was a good blend.
But then they still didn't
know how to actually bring
that being forward.
And as you said, the females of
the homo erectus didn't work.
And then they realized they
had to impregnate the Annunaki
females with the fertilized
egg or fertilized
material of this new creature.
And that brings us to a
very important discovery
among these 10 million stone
ruins in southern Africa
that Johann Heine
discovered by accident,
or should I say rediscovered
by accident in 2003,
and for five years
tried to bring it
to the attention of the
authorities until he met me,
and then everything changed.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>TELLINGER: Because I
realized that, once again,
this is a very important place.
It's what we now
call Adam's Calendar.
>>REGINA: Yes, and
Adam in the Bible,
the allegory of Adam and
Eve, the original being
that was successfully brought
forth was called Adamu.
>>TELLINGER: Adamu.
And that's where I believe,
obviously, the Bible gets Adam,
and Annunaki translations
call him Adamu.
And it is at Adam's Calendar.
And when I called it
"Adam's Calendar,"
I didn't realize how close
to the truth I would be.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, now let's get the
Credo Mutwa piece in here.
>>TELLINGER: Yes.
>>REGINA: The famous shaman.
>>TELLINGER: This
is very important.
>>REGINA: And he's really
very, very elderly now.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah,
Credo is probably not
gonna be with us for
very much longer,
and he has shared spectacular
information and knowledge
with the world.
And much of what I write about
and much of the knowledge
that I've gained has
come from Credo himself.
And when he saw my book
on Adam's Calendar, when
I presented it to him,
he broke into tears.
He started to cry.
And he told me he was initiated
in 1937 as a young shaman,
and that it is known as the
birthplace of humankind.
>>REGINA: In his
lore passed down.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And isn't he the
last of the Zulu shaman
with that level?
I mean, with that
level of knowledge?
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, yeah.
There will be others,
obviously, but right now he
is the supreme Zulu shaman
with all this knowledge
that he's shared with the world
to the best of his ability.
>>REGINA: So what you
are finding is supported.
>>TELLINGER: He knew about
that for decades and decades,
and the African
ancient knowledge
systems have known about it.
And it's referred to in Zulu
as in "Inzalo y'Langa," which
means "birthplace of the sun,"
not necessarily the S-U-N
but the S-O-N, the
son of the Annunaki,
the sons of the Annunaki.
>>REGINA: What did the Zulu?
What did the Zulu try
to call the Annunaki?
Did they have a different name?
What were the sky
gods referred to as?
>>TELLINGER: Well, they're often
referred to as the abelungu.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>TELLINGER: The sky
gods, the pale sky gods.
And this is another
interesting thing.
>>REGINA: The pale sky gods.
>>TELLINGER: All
the ancient cultures
seemed to refer
to these sky gods
and the color of their skin
as being pale sky gods.
And that's very important
to put that into context
as to what was going on
and who these beings were,
what they looked like.
In the Sumerian
translations, Enki
is often described
as having a pale skin
and hair the color of the sun
and eyes the color of the sky.
And you don't need
to be a genius
to figure out that he was of
an Aryan kind of heritage.
And I know that there's
some people that
have problems with those,
but I'll stick to that
until I find other evidence.
And the creator god in
the Sumerian tablets,
according to
Zachariah Sitchin, who
is Enki or the geneticist
that started the whole thing,
it was not only Enki, it was
also his sister, Ninhursag,
and one of his sons,
and Ningishzidda,
who are the medical experts and
the geneticists that actually
were the hands-on people.
So it was actually a female that
did the genetic manipulation
and not Enki himself.
So she was referred to as Mami.
And that's why I
believe, and Sitchin
believes that the word
"mama" or "ma" comes from.
>>REGINA: Ma, Mom, Mommy.
>>TELLINGER: Comes from,
and "mother" comes from,
the original creative female.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>TELLINGER: And
then they took the--
it was at Adam's Calendar,
or Enki's Calendar,
as I now call it, because
there's overwhelming evidence
to show that Enki constructed
this calendar site
that Johann Heine rediscovered.
And it was at Enki's Calendar
that they actually did
the insertion or
implanted the fertilized
eggs into the Annunaki females.
So it was like a ritual site.
>>REGINA: I was gonna
say, ritual, yeah.
>>TELLINGER: And from there,
I think in Hindu tradition
and Hindu mythology, they
become the seven birth mothers
or the seventh birth goddesses,
that they were originally
the seven Annunaki females.
>>REGINA: And this calendar
lines up very specifically
with the sun.
I mean, so we're looking at the
rituals likely to have aligned
with certain astronomical or
astrological configurations,
for example, perhaps
when they were
going through this
cloning process
and creating this species.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah, it's not just
the alignment of the solstices
and the equinoxes and so forth.
It is a highly energetic site.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So now another thing that
we haven't had a chance
to get into much, and we
have just a few minutes left,
and that is the anomalous
artifacts around there.
Now, one thing, I love
this picture, the big foot.
>>TELLINGER: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: The big footprint.
>>TELLINGER: Yes.
>>REGINA: We have the
gigantic footprint that
is very difficult to explain.
We have Klaus Dona,
and I had the pleasure
of sitting with him in
his apartment in Vienna.
And he brought out
some of the artifacts.
And one of them was--
and it goes with
this footprint, it
was the occipital bone,
occipital bone of somebody,
a human, a human occipital
bone, of somebody who was
between 23 and 25 feet tall.
>>TELLINGER: And we have
the physical evidence
of a footprint of that size.
>>REGINA: And exactly.
You have the footprint as well.
>>TELLINGER: About two
hours from my house
where I live in South Africa.
And it's in granite, and
everyone jumps up and down
says, well, it's
impossible for a footprint
to be made into granite.
I said, I know.
You don't have to give me
that geological lesson.
I've had it 1,000 times.
>>REGINA: So how
did it get there?
>>TELLINGER: I do have an idea.
>>REGINA: What is your theory?
>>TELLINGER: Yes,
it's not my theory.
This is what was e-mailed me
by a gold explorer from Canada.
He says he's been doing gold
exploration for decades.
It's part of his
family tradition.
He says he knows
exactly how this
happened, that because in Canada
they get gold out of granite.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TELLINGER: They crush
it up into a sludge,
and they extract
the gold somehow,
and then they leave
behind a slurry of granite
like wet cement.
After a while, the
granite gets hard again.
And if, during that process
while it's hardening,
you step into it,
it'll behave like mud
and leave behind a footprint
pretty much like the one
that I show.
He says, to him, that
makes absolute sense.
He has no problem believing
that that footprint was
made by a real humanoid person
that was 7 and 1/2 meters tall.
>>REGINA: These people,
by the way, whoever
did this work disappeared.
>>TELLINGER: Yes.
>>REGINA: There is no physical
evidence for this species that
was cloned.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Which I can probably
add a couple explanations,
and so can you,
but we don't need
to get into the speculation.
They have disappeared.
They could've been taken out.
Any number of things
could have happened.
Which makes it difficult.
>>TELLINGER: That's the
biggest mystery, really.
We've got more than 10
million stone ruins,
and we need to reiterate once
again, these are not dwellings.
>>REGINA: No.
>>TELLINGER: These
are workplaces
and energy-generating devices.
We can say this because
we've measured it.
We're not just saying it because
I have a warm, fuzzy feeling
that they're energy devices.
They are spectacular
energy devices.
No dwellings.
What happened to
millions of people?
>>REGINA: To build
10 million structures
had to have been millions
upon millions of inhabitants.
>>TELLINGER: No bones.
No bones.
>>REGINA: No bones.
So we're finding these.
We're finding the three
or four footprint.
We're finding the femur bone
of someone nine feet tall,
roughly.
So basically what we're
seeing is between all of that,
there were many different
iterations of whatever it
is that we have become today.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And there have
been other species that
introduced their own DNA into
it and were actually present
once upon a time
upon the planet.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so we could be
seeing some of their artifacts,
because perhaps we're made
in their likeness, right?
>>TELLINGER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Is that kind
of where we're going?
>>TELLINGER: And I think Kerry
Cassidy puts it so beautifully.
She says, you know,
this planet has
been like a Petri dish
of genetic experiments,
and it's just like we've just
been so genetically manipulated
and crossed so many times that
it's really difficult to try
and pinpoint the source.
>>REGINA: But what
you've done is
discover the best evidence
for what truly does
exist physically at this time.
>>TELLINGER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: For a
lost civilization.
>>TELLINGER: And is
still active and alive,
and is giving us infinite
amounts of energy
into which I hope we will
tap into very, very soon.
>>REGINA: I hope so, too.
And Michael, thank you
so much for joining us.
>>TELLINGER: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: I really
appreciate your time.
Loads of fuel for thought.
The most important aspect,
though, of this kind of work
is that we begin to honor
one another's perceptions.
It's not about being
right or wrong,
but piecing together an
amazing portrait of our past,
if we can hear each other out.
Until next time, thanks for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]